implement opt-in verification (#1303)
viperproject/prusti: docs/dev-guide/src/config/flags.md

> **Note:** applied to all dependency crates when running with `cargo prusti`.

## `OPT_IN_VERIFICATION`

> When enabled, verification is only applied to functions that have the `#[verified]` attribute applied and all functions that do not have the `#[verified]` attribute are assumed to be `#[trusted]`, by default.

Reviewer: To specify what happens for `#[trusted, verified]` functions.
```suggestion
When enabled, Prusti will only try to verify the functions annotated with `#[verified]`. All other functions are assumed to be `#[trusted]`, by default. Functions annotated with both `#[trusted]` and `#[verified]` will not be verified.
```
